Adding species already present:
Species: Drill is already added

Adding a different Species' Monkey :
The species is not found in the Sanctuary. Please add the Species first.

Adding a monkey with same id:
The specified id is already present, Please select a new id.

Adding a monkey with invalid arguments
The details of monkey are not correct. Please check again
The details of monkey are not correct. Please check again
The details of monkey are not correct. Please check again

Moving an invalid id Monkey:
No housing for monkeyId = 15 found

Moving monkey Having same initial and final housing:
The entered initial and final housing for Monkey: 0 cannot be same

Moving monkey Having invalid finalHousing id:
No such housing for id = 20 present.

Moving monkey to a filled Isolation:
The Isolation 5 is not empty! Please add to another isolation.

Getting the current List of Monkeys:
List of Monkeys in Sanctuary:
Name: Alfred, Housing: E_1
Name: Bella, Housing: E_1
Name: Carlie, Housing: E_2
Name: Duke, Housing: E_2
Name: Estelle, Housing: E_3
Name: Frank, Housing: I_5
Name: Gina, Housing: I_6
Name: Helly, Housing: I_7
Name: Isabell, Housing: I_8

Moving different Species Monkeys into same enclosure:
The enclosure 13 contains different species than Monkey: 0.

Moving species into enclosure that does not have enough room:
The enclosure 11 does not contain enough space to house Monkey: 2. Required space: 10 square meter. Available space: 4 square meter.

Get Housing Id of a Monkey:
Housing Id for Monkey 3 is: 12

Get the list of Species in the Sanctuary:
Species in the Sanctuary with current Housing:
Drill:
	Enclosures: E_1 E_2
Guereza:
	Isolations: I_5
	Enclosures: E_3
Howler:
	Isolations: I_6
Mangabey:
	Isolations: I_7
Saki:
	Isolations: I_8

Lookup for a particular species in Sanctuary:
Housings of Guereza:
	Isolations: I_5
	Enclosures: E_3

Lookup for a species not in the Sanctuary
The species: Spider is not housed currently anywhere at the Sanctuary.

Sign for Enclosure E_3:
Enclosure sign:
Name: Carlie, Sex: Male, Favourite Food: Fruits
Name: Duke, Sex: Male, Favourite Food: Insects

Sign for Empty Enclosure:
The enclosure is empty.

Get the Shopping List:
Shopping List:
Leaves: 1100 gms
Eggs: 500 gms
Fruits: 350 gms
Insects: 1000 gms